In my opinion it's better to create only one view
which can be shared for both question and answer.
We can simply use if statement to determine
which vote control that we will create
So let me show it to you.
Let me open thinker
and hero I'll define a variable I'll call it model one.
and this variable will hold
Question instance.
and then I'll define another variable I will
call it model two. And this verbal will hold
answer instance.
Now I can check if any instance is
instance of a particular class like this.
Model one instance of app
question
here we get true because model one is instance of question.
Now if I change to model two we'll got false because
model two is not instance of question. But
if we change to app answer we will got true.
So I hope you get it.
here in show.blade.php
Let's fold this markup
and then cut
and include another view by saying include
shared underscore vote and then we pass model with question.
Now we can go to shared folder
and then create new file and let's call it _vote.blade.php.
And here we simply paste the earlier code.
All right
now let's select all questions
and then change them to model.
Now let's change to other parts.
Here as can see the title attribute  should be dynamic
for example for answer vote it will be
"The answer is useful".
But for question vote it will be
"The question is useful". Also the
URI in the form action will be you start with questions for vote question and it will start with
answers for the vote answer. And then the form id
for vote question will be 'up-vote-question' but for
answer it will be 'up-vote-answer'
So here we can say if model instance of app question
so here we'll define a variable let's say
name and the value will be question
and then we'll define another variable
let's say first URI
Segment
and the value will be questions
else
Or else if model instance of app answer
let's copy these lines
We can change the name to answer.
And this first URI Segment to answers.
All right we have two variables to hold the state of the vote
now let's select the questions in the URI.
Here we don't to change the favourite button
So we'll only select vote up and vote down form.
And then let's replace them to
first URI Segment
Actually we can make them more simpler but that's fine for now.
Next
let's select all questions in the markup.
except
the favourite button.
and then we can change them to name
Now let's move
this favourite control to another view.
Let's select these cut and again we'll use if statement to
make sure that the controls will be rendered in question
if model instance of app question
and then here we can call include shared underscore favorite
model model
OK now we can go to shared folder
and create new file
and we can call it _favorite.blade.php
And here we just paste the code
and then let's switch to answers _index.blade.php
and here
let's cut this accept answer
back to a shared folder and create new file
and call it _accept.blade.php and paste the
code.
Here let's select
all answer
and replace them to model.
Now we can go back to underscore vote
blade php
and here let's add else if elseif model instance of
answer
and here can copy these lines paste here and change to shared accept
Alright  let's save all changes. And let's
see if everything is stil working fine.
Let's inspect this vote up
here you see the id is vote up question and followed
by question id and the action is questions
question id vote
let me see the down vote.
Here you see the id vote down question followed by
question id and the action questions question id
vote.
Now let's see the vote up and down in answer
OK
here the id up vote answer
answer id and the action answers answer Id vote.
OK down vote
answer.
answers answer id vote. OK great. Actually let me try them.
OK
OK great
our application still working fine as it was.
And the last thing that I want to do is here I want to
simplify this id and this action. So let me copy
this and select other instance
and change them to formId and then here in the top
I'll define a formId variable and paste the form id
and make a little adjustment.
And then
I'll copy this URI and select the other instance.
Now let's change them to forms action
and then here let's define the form action variable
and paste the URI
Also make a little adjustment.
And here I need to change this to from id
OK so now we have successfully
implemented DRY principle in our view.
And you can see now or view look
more simpler and more cleaner.
OK
That's it.
Let's commit and push our changes to our git repo.